Hi, my name is Lauren, you might know me as Potato on X, and I work on Grok Bot at SpaceX AI.
So last month, I did something pretty crazy. I shipped 2,000 pull requests to production.
A lot of how I'm able to do this is through trust. And I think a lot about trust in terms of
how I can trust my agents to produce high quality work even when I'm not there.
And my argument and thesis for this talk today is that if you set up your environment for your
agents really, really well, you can end up with something that looks more like a personal
or even team software factory where you're producing very high quality code at much
greater rates than before but i'm not a fan of the term software factory i like the analogy of
a michelin kitchen better where you know as technologists we're not really producing we're
not mass producing a product on an assembly line but the work that we do looks very creative it's
very um it's the act of building a product and it's art in some sense so you know even though
with agents we're not cooking the individual components that go into the product anymore
um we're still responsible for the final outcome and thinking about our kitchen setup
right because depending on how you set up your line cooks your sous chefs you know the kind of
equipment they have, the kind of training they have, you know, dishwashers and the ratio, I guess,
of line cooks to dishwashers. All of these ingredients go into making the final product.
And I think this analogy is really apt. So I wanted to talk a little bit about a story before
we begin, where six months ago, when I first joined Cursor, before we were a part of SpaceX
AI, I obviously had, you know, no agent skills to use.
I just joined the company.
It was a fresh code base and a fresh product that I was working on.
So at the time, Cursor was building the replacement for the Cursor IDE, which is the new agents
window.
and before I joined the cursor agent window had quite a lot of performance issues and my manager
at the time asked if I was able to help them and since I had spent some time on the react team
before I joined cursor it seemed like a good fit but when I first started I quickly realized how
manual this process was. Obviously, I have done performance work before, but at the rate at which
pull requests were being landed, it was just, it felt almost an insurmountable wall of pull requests
that just kept coming in, and I had no idea whether or not the performance of the app would be
regressing right so a lot of my early time on the cursor team was spent looking at uh chrome
dev tools and the performance and doing performance traces and taking heap snapshots
and it was extremely extremely manual it was it it was so manual it got to the point where
um i just got really frustrated and started to think about you know wait we have agents what
am I doing? And so I started thinking about verification skills, where, you know, what if
my agent could actually run the application itself and take the traces for me, understand the traces
and find the hotspots, and basically he'll climb, you know, to a better performance in our application
automatically. And throughout the last six months of being a cursor in SpaceX AI, you can really see
that my productivity has skyrocketed. And, you know, I never set out to ship 2,000 requests a
month. That was not a goal of mine at all. But I realized that all of the skills, all the tools and
code-based changes I were making laddered up to this idea of trust. You know, I didn't know it
at the time, but I had this thought in the back of my head, which was, you know, I am the bottleneck.
and I need to be able to take all the knowledge that I have as an engineer and impart them into
into my team of agents so that I need to be the blocker for everything. And
you can clearly see that it's paid off. So I think it really comes down to trust,
trust. But how exactly do you build that trust? And where do you start if you are, you know,
wherever you are in your journey of using agents? So when I started, obviously I was in this category,
you know, the one to one to five range, where you still feel like you have to babysit every chat
and conversation and you're just constantly course correcting you know you're intervening
you're correcting your agent so that it does the right thing and if you're not there basically
nothing gets nothing happens and the agents do the wrong thing and I would actually argue that
this part this phase of you know using agents is actually the hardest to get out of
because it's not always very clear how exactly you get out of it.
And again, it just comes down to trust.
You know, the reason you're unable to go from one or one to five agents
to something more like a hundred
is because you don't have trust in your agent's work yet.
So if you don't have trust and you try to spawn a hundred sub-agents or cloud agents,
you're going to quickly find that you're just going to get a ton of slot pull requests and
you know a bunch of regressions and a bunch of bugs shipped and no one's going to be very happy
with them so that begs the question how do you trust your agents more so for me it came
uh it really started when i uh like i said i meant i joined the cursor team and i was starting
work on performance where I realized the need for verification. So when I say verification,
there are sort of levels to that because on the lower end of the scale for verification,
you have things like the verification skills that I talk about where you teach your agent
how to run your application and use things like the Chrome DevTools protocol or whatever other
protocol that you have for debugging and teach them how to you know debug the application take
performance traces take heat snapshots and so on and then on the opposite end of spectrum
or the spectrum which is much much harder and still very much an open question is like more
formal verification where you know maybe you rely on formal methods or you know languages like lean
or TLA plus to do you know verification so that you can check that you know your business level
or business logic invariants are you know are always true and that
that you can formally verify that your application is always in a correct state.
But I would say that, you know, even if you don't have the ability to run formal methods,
and very few people really do, that with verification skills, you can get very far.
So when I joined Cursor and started to work on the Cursor agent window,
the first skill that I built was a skill called Control Glass,
which is a verification skill that teaches the agent how to run the application and take traces
like I mentioned and it does that through the Chrome DevTools protocol.
Something interesting about that skill is and I kind of iterated my way to this
It didn't start out this way.
But the control or verification skill really
has two components to it.
The first part is obviously a CLI.
So you want your agents to be able to reproducibly
be able to run the application and collect traces
and collect empirical evidence that code is working.
that your performance bar is being met and rather than have your agents create scripts every time
you know that can differ between agent sessions you can actually you can actually create a cli
that's within the skill directory and then your agents will just use that every time and then
of course you need to actually invest in it and make it good so that it can handle all sorts of
of different use cases and be able to run the application correctly.
Another thing that's also really important is this idea of a feature map.
So a feature map really is something that I kind of coined, I guess, where we started
using these control skills within cursor.
Then we quickly realized that a Slack report would come in and a user would post a very
vague screenshot, like a very small slice of the UI and just like three question marks.
And the agents using our control skills are just no idea.
It could run the application, but it was just guessing at what exactly the user meant.
And so I had this idea to create something called a feature map, which is, I guess, kind
of inspired by a site map.
It essentially is a form of materialized memory.
You know, like how exactly does your application work?
What features does it have?
How does a user reach it?
You know, in terms of keyboard shortcuts
or what DOM elements to click on, you know, things like that.
And what all the different features do.
And they are, these, this feature map is stored
and the skill itself in the code base
as part of the skill directory.
And we have an automation that maintains
this feature map as well.
But when we combine the CLI and the feature map,
we quickly realized that this combination was very, very
powerful because now agents can not only
reproducibly control the application and take traces,
but it could also understand requests that came in
from internal users as well as external users.
And so we very quickly realized
that the control verification skills were so useful
that they've become more or less critical infrastructure
for our team and we constantly maintain it.
But the ability for an agent to verify its own work
is extremely powerful.
And we have spent a lot of time on this skill,
and it's very, very powerful for building that trust.
In addition to verification, of course,
you want, because verification is really about correctness.
Correctness to me is really about,
does the thing, does the feature or code do thing
that you want it to do, right?
Like does the, you know, the checkout button,
does it actually check out the card?
Verification is really important for that
because you can get empirical evidence
that this feature actually works.
But it doesn't tell you much about the performance
or the code quality of that feature.
And that's where you start thinking about skills
that teach agents to work like real software engineers.
So I've built a plugin called Pstack.
I'm not going to talk about the plugin too much today, but a lot of the inspiration for that plugin, which is a collection of skills that I've created, are inspired by the kind of workflows that I personally have used in my time doing software engineering for all sorts of different types of tasks.
So debugging, you know, feature development, prototyping.
There's a whole bunch of different playbooks and skills that ship in P-Stack that teach your agents how to write code the way that you want them to.
And, you know, this is where, you know, the more experienced engineers on your team can really contribute to set up a team repository of skills that just make your agents a lot smarter.
And when you combine those skills with verification skills, then you're able to get to a point where your agents are able to not just verify that the work that they're doing is correct, but that it's also high quality.
And again, because of verification, you can collect real performance metrics.
You can get real numbers and statistics and telemetry on the performance of the application.
So I think that's a really important part to invest in.
Another thing I think is really important is refactoring and rewriting your architecture to be more agent friendly.
And I almost want to say that this is one of the most important things you can do as a software engineering team.
because if you really truly believe that agents are going to be writing all the code in the future
then we need to design our code bases so that they do the right thing by default and you'll
find that there's this uh i almost want to say like a scale or continuum between
uh you know these different pieces of building trust in your agents
where on you know I have like five of these points here where
the code base is really like the best form of memory because agents love to extend existing
patterns that they see and you know I think this is just the nature of how LLMs work where
they're more likely to use whatever it is in their context window to make changes.
And of course, the files that the agents read and opens are part of its context window.
And therefore, the code base is a really important part of that.
Because agents aren't going to just refactor your code in every single PR.
They're going to just look at what's already there and just extend.
The next level, I think, is about static analysis, where you have linters, you have compiler diagnostics, you have continuous integration.
And these are guidelines and constraints that you can enforce in your code base so that whenever you correct your agent, you find that they just keep making the same mistake.
you can add those as lint rules or even better you can refactor your code base so that
the mistake that the agent is making becomes categorically impossible and then a step above
that right where where and this is where we're starting to get more into uh less of like a hard
constraint and enforcement and more into the realm of guidance you have things like rules you have
bug bot, you have skills, which, you know, your agents will obviously sometimes and mostly use
when they're doing their work, but there's also a chance that it might, for various reasons,
you know, forget to read a rule, or maybe the user that is piloting the agent ignores them.
So these aren't quite as enforceable, but also an important part of
setting up your environment so that you can really trust what your agents are doing.
And then finally you have a style guide which is really only enforceable by humans in a code review.
I guess you could put it put these in your rules and bugbot and skills as well,
but if you don't then you have this big glaring hole in your review process where now humans have
to you know look at every single line that's being changed and remember to comment and with the rate
of pull requests that are coming in it just it just becomes impossible so i definitely wouldn't
recommend you know relying only on the style guide i think the style guide or you know like looking
at human reviews is a good place to start um in terms of what's missing but you should really
invest the time to think about the other four parts uh you know your code base making things
categorically impossible through better data structures or algorithms static analysis and
then of course you layer that with rules and bug bot and skills um on the code base front
And in the GrokBot codebase, we actually have invested into setting something up that we call
Dune, which is our agent-friendly framework. So the inspiration for Dune really came about from
a lot of performance issues we were seeing in the cursor agent window. And so a lot of lessons came
out of that exploration. But the key principle that we landed on is really that agents love taking
shortcuts. So what if we designed a framework such that the shortcut, you know, the easy path
is the right path for agents, and also one that would be a code base that is, you know, maybe
pretty annoying for humans to work in because it's so locked down in terms of what you can do and
what you can't do. But it actually creates the perfect environment for agents, especially ones
that have very minimal context because, you know, not every contributor to your code base is going
to be an engineer anymore. You can have designers, you can have product managers, you can have
CEOs, you know, going into the code base and shipping features. So we want to really think
a lot about how we invest and set up our code bases so that even agents that are piloted by
busy people with not a lot of contacts can do a good job by default.
And like I mentioned before, your code base is really a form of memory for agents because they
love to extend the existing patterns that they see. And the reverse is actually also true,
right you can invest the time to set up your code base um in a way that things are you know
bad patterns are categorically impossible or you have like lit rules that prevent them
but the reverse is also true in the sense that um if you have existing anti-patterns
you will actually find that these will spread kind of like a virus um where you have like one
small workaround or a comment that explains a workaround and you'll quickly find that agents
just love to copy that and then in a matter of a few days or a few weeks you'll find that the
workaround has spread everywhere and it's now becomes it has become like a de facto pattern
for all agents and that's a really really bad place to be to be in and that goes back to what
i was saying about why it's really important you know whenever you're correcting your your agents
that you invest the time into thinking about codebase changes and static analysis to and of
course the layering them with rules good rules and bug bot and skills because of of that reason
and another analogy that i like in addition to the michelin kitchen is this idea that
you know your code base is kind of like a garden where you have uh workarounds uh you know that
seem seemingly that seem kind of innocent at first but then because of the nature of agents you just
copy that pattern over and over again and you quickly end up with a very you know vibe coded
code base that is you know a pain in the butt to maintain and has a lot of performance issues
So in my opinion, the perfect Asian codebase is one that's so locked down that, you know,
again, it's like really annoying for humans to write code in, but it's so conventional,
it's so standardized, that even innocent looking patterns are just forbidden.
And the best example of this I have is actually something that seems very, very innocent when you
look at it, but when you think about it, it's actually really bad. And that pattern is agents
leaving comments in the code. Now, you know, when I first saw agents starting to do this, I initially
wasn't, well, I did think that a lot of them were sloth, but I also thought that, you know, it
actually doesn't, it's not a bad thing, right, I guess, if agents are leaving comments in the code,
because as humans we left comments in the code whenever we saw you know edge cases or we needed
to actually make a workaround or you know leave a note to ourselves or a colleague on a particularly
tricky part of the code base but what i quickly realized when we saw this happening in the cursor
codebase was that agents were just using the comments around the code as justification for
why it wasn't going to solve the actual problem and instead paper over it with a band-aid or
a short-term solution. So in Dune, which is again the framework that powers Grofbot,
we made the choice to actually ban comments for that reason, so that agents would not just copy
that pattern and propagate it everywhere in the codebase.
So my pitch here is that every team really needs something that, you know, a role that I'm calling
a gardener in the same way that you know with a real garden you need someone who is thinking a
lot about the you know things that can kind of creep in and grow in ways that you don't want
like you know you have weeds you have you know just other types of organic growth I don't really
know gardening that well but you have things that you know unwanted pests and stuff like that that
kind of creep in imperial code based. And so you want to nip them in the bud as
soon as possible before they start propagating everywhere. A lot of the
principles behind Dune are really centered around these three things. First
of all, we want to delete tech depth that we already have for, you know, for
reasons I just mentioned. We want to keep or enforce a single paved path for most
blessed patterns. You know, there should be one conventional way to do some things so that agents
don't really need to guess and there should be enough guidance in the code base, in CI,
in Lint rules, so that the agents are guided to do to follow that path. And then finally,
whenever you see tech depth or bad patterns, your instinct should be, I need to write a
lint rule against it. You don't always have to clean it up immediately because if you write a
lint rule, you can at least stop the bleeding, which doesn't solve the problem entirely,
but it at least prevents it from growing. So I definitely recommend really thinking a lot about
how you can guard against anti-patterns so that they don't spread like a virus, and then
also spend time to actually, you know, get your agents to clean them up so that your code base
is just constantly kept in a state where you would be happy if an agent were to copy it.
That's the kind of mindset that I would recommend having. And then I won't actually go through all
the details of Dune itself, but I'll just kind of gloss through some interesting parts. So again,
And as a reminder, Dune is the architecture, the client framework that we built to power Grochbot.
We've invested a lot into all the things I was saying, where we have conventions.
We have a lot of conventions about where code should live and where and how code should be imported between them.
So in Dune applications, you know, there's different concepts where, like, for example, features are all co-located in a single folder.
You have an entry point that's in the React part of the code that determines, you can
kind of think of it like a route.
You have transcript cards that show up in the GrokBot application.
You have a host that runs on the GrokBot virtual machine.
And then of course you have your client which powers the overall Dune application.
And we have a lot of strict boundaries between these things where, just as an example, things
that run on the main process or the main thread in Electron aren't allowed to be run on the
renderer thread.
And we keep that separation very intentionally because of lessons we learned from Cursor's
agent window where we would sometimes see code accidentally get imported into the renderer thread
and you know slow code and since on the renderer thread you want your UI to be very smooth and
performant you need to make sure that you don't have any long tasks or you know things that take
longer than 16 milliseconds, or if you want like 60 frames per second, or 8 milliseconds if you
want 120 frames per second. And so your renderer has to be constantly in a state where it is,
it can really kind of chunk up the work and not do them all at once. And so we have code within
Dune that enforces these boundaries through the import and dependency graph.
But yeah, that's just an example of a pattern that we saw lead to really bad performance
that we categorically eliminated through the architecture of Dune.
And then all of these other pieces aren't that interesting.
but again the the core theme here you know it's not about dune but the idea that
an agent-friendly framework of your own is actually very very powerful and you can encode
all of the learnings that you and your you know your best engineers on your team have
tribal knowledge of and I think the lesson here is that how do you take that away from you know
what used to be in the style guide process of reviewing code and, you know, engineers reviewing
other engineers' work and leaving comments to extract, almost like extracting that knowledge
and encoding that into the framework, into the code base itself, so that the code base access
the memory, right? It's the thing, I keep coming back to this idea that, you know, the code base
is just the thing that it's the materialized snapshot of the state in which you want your
agents to extend and you want that code base to be so pristine, so great that the next
agent that comes along is just very likely to continue that pattern and keep it really,
really good.
And if you spend enough time on this process, like I mentioned, you can really set up a
Michelin kitchen or a software factory where because you've spent so much time on you know
all of these pieces that allow you to trust your agents whether it's in the code base whether it's
lint rules whether it is you know diagnostics or rules or bug bot or skills these layers come
together and provide you a lot of trust. Because now, you know, just imagine for a moment you're
working in the RockBot code base. It's super locked down, you know, it's like almost impossible
to write bad code. So, you know, you can, even an agent with very little context, you know, even an
agent with not a lot of reasoning can come in and actually write code that's good. And going back to
my example about the Michelin factory, I think there's a lot here, right, where, you know, we're
setting up our agents, our bots with skills and tools, you know, we're training them, we're setting
up our kitchen in a way that makes sense, right, for the agents and bots to do the right thing by
default. You know, whenever we see, for example, in a kitchen example, if we notice that one of our
cooks or dishwashers is constantly tripping over something, of course, we need to fix that,
right? We need to problem solve and ensure that, you know, others don't trip as well because,
you know, in the kitchen, it's a very dangerous place and you don't want to hurt yourself.
It's the same mindset, I think, that we should have with our codebases. How do we set it up
so that even agents without a lot of knowledge can do a good job.
And I think with Grokbot, Grokbot and Cursor play an interesting role together,
where Grokbot is really great at providing what I call the outer loop,
because you can connect Grokbot to lots of different connectors like Slack to Datadog,
Century, PlanetScale, whatever services that you use, and you can aggregate all of that information
together and use that to make really good decisions for itself. Some people call this like a company
brain. I don't really think, I personally don't think you need anything that sophisticated here
because agents are really good at using tools and so if you connect these tools to GrokBot
and you start having your Grockbots auto kick off things like cloud agents,
you can actually find that you don't really have to invest in a lot of infrastructure to build a
software factory. In fact, I'm going to cross out this term because I don't like this term.
I think you can set up this personal Michelin kitchen for yourself through Grokbot, things like
Grokbot routines, which let you subscribe to Slack threads, to sentry alerts that let you kick off
things automatically. And when you combine all of these things that I've been mentioning,
you know, your code base, your rules, your skills, they all compound. And GrokBot will be able to,
you know, automatically respond to events that come from the outer loop and then kick off cloud
agents. And you can also set up cursor automations and use our SDK to set up additional bots as well
that reuse a lot of these pieces of agent infra that you've set up and allow them to do much more
complicated tasks. So if you've done all this, then I think you can get to a point where,
you know, I have some screenshots here of some of our automations and our agents that work on
cursor where we are automatically reproducing bug reports, we're automatically opening pull requests,
we are essentially adding a lot of value to the entire team because all these things compound.
So if we kind of zoom out again and go back to this graph,
I think that to kind of close off the talk, if you spend a lot of time thinking about all of
the pieces that you need to be able to ascend the trust graph, you start getting to a place where
you can really trust your agents more and parallelize your work and also empower your
entire team to build on top of these pieces of infrastructure for your agents and empower everyone,
you know, every engineer on your team, every builder to be extremely productive and be able
to write high quality code. So the last thing I want to leave you with is actually this piece.
Sorry, not that piece, but this piece. I think if there's only one thing you take away from my talk,
it should be this this slide here which is you know these are the activities that will help you
build up towards a high trust environment you know whenever you find yourself correcting and
interviewing your agent you really want to think about it from these five pieces and where is the
most effective step in this sequence in order to make your agent much more trustworthy.
And of course, I definitely recommend thinking about it in this order, where you either invest
the time to make that pattern categorically impossible through your code base and architecture
and data structures, or you start looking at things like static analysis, and then you layer
that on with rules and bug bot and skills. If you do all of that, and you also spend some time,
you know, thinking about your code quality, in terms of skills, you get to a place where you
trust the environment so much that your agents can just be free.
And personally, I have spent a lot of time for this for GrokBot's codebase, for example,
and this is really the secret.
Well, it's not really a secret.
It's a lot of hard work.
But I hope you found this talk useful.
And please reach out to me on X.
My handle is potato with an E.
and I hope that you'll have a lot of fun and success pulling your own Michelin kitchen.
Thanks for watching!
